Good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Day 55.
We just want to say thank you for joining us today, and thank you for clicking the like button and the notification button, and all the things you all do to help spread this gospel throughout the whole world.
With all the algorithms and all the things that YouTube requires to promote your video, we appreciate your help; we really do.
People are emailing Diana, freaking out about all the drones in New Jersey.
Folks, I told you it was coming.
It's funny to us because we laugh about it.
You know, when the Lord visited me on July 6, 2014, he took me out—I don't know if I was in my body or out of my body, y'all—but when I tell people this, they always look at me like I'm crazy.
Especially when I first had the experience and tried to tell the people at the church, they mocked me a lot.
I tried to keep things to myself because after you get crushed by friends who think you're crazy when you're telling them what Jesus said to you, I was really persecuted heavily.
So, I didn't talk about it for years.
Then the Lord told me, 'I want you to go on YouTube and tell them that I'm coming and what you saw in the Tribulation.
' I said, 'Lord, they're not going to believe it.
' He said, 'Brandon, I want you to be obedient and do this.
' One year goes by, two years, three years, and I was not obedient.
He said, 'I want you to do this,' so I said, 'Okay, Lord.
' I put it up and got a couple thousand views, but I'd take it down because I didn't like the comment section.
I didn't like what people were saying; I said, 'These people are mean.
' So, he told me to put it back up, and I did.
Lo and behold, here we are with almost a million and a half views on that one video warning you all what's coming.
It's not a shock to me.
I told you they were going to use the drones.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is just a practice run for what's coming.
They're trying to get you used to it.
The Lord showed me the illustration of a frog being boiled in a pot.
The temperature rises, and he doesn't even know he's being cooked because he adapts to the water until it's too late.
That's what a lot of you are like: adapting to what you see on social media with the alien stuff and the fallen angel stuff.
They're messing with it.
It's a demonic spirit or some kind of sci-fi government stuff they're trying to adopt, like Project Blue Beam.
They're trying to get you used to what they're going to do in the future.
They know they can't do it as much in the next administration, so they're trying to dump it out there as fast as they can so people get used to it.
They say it's in New Jersey, or it's Iranians—I don't know what it is.
All I know is the Lord told me this was going to happen before he came.
After he comes for the Rapture of the church, this will be something that everybody sees in the sky all over the place.
It will be all over Oklahoma, Florida, France, Germany, Moscow, and throughout Africa and South America.
Drones flying in the skies—thousands of them.
They look like swarms of bees flying over the sky in the day, scanning the horizon, and you will hear them coming.
It will sound like traffic in the air.
I remember it when I was with the Lord.
Whenever I was in the Tribulation, I could hear them, and it sounded like bees in the far distance.
It wasn't all the time, but they would scan in swarms, all in lines, just like what the Chinese government is doing right now.
They're getting ready for a surveillance state so that whenever those who are left get the mark of the beast and want the one-world money system—the digital platform happening with crypto—those drones will scan your hand or your forehead and know if you have it.
I'm trying to warn you and yell as loud as I can, just like Paul Revere in the midnight hour, telling people the British were coming.
As history tells us, he was trying to get the Minutemen to get ready to fight in the battle.
I'm telling you, just like Paul Revere's warning, I'm running through the midnight hour right now telling you that Jesus is coming.
A lot of you are asleep and won't even wake up when you hear it.
I'm riding through there as loud as I can, telling y'all to get ready because you're asleep.
It's time for you to wake up today.
The signs of the times are all around us, with Damascus falling and things going on in Syria.
I warned you a great acceleration of war was coming.
You see on the news that the drones are coming.
There are going to be a lot of them.
They're getting you ready and desensitizing you so you won't reject it when they start doing it a little at a time.
It's easy to swallow that way, but hard when it's forced down everyone's throat at once.
I warned you about the earthquakes happening in the New Madrid fault—seven in one day.
Isn't that an interesting number?
Seven, not six or eight, in a 24-hour period.
That's a supernatural number: the number of completion.
What is the Lord trying to speak through earthquakes?
He told you there would be earthquakes in diverse places and fearful sights, that men's hearts would fail them for fear of what is coming on the earth.
I told you it won't just be about war, politics, and finances.
I told you a couple of videos back that we would see signs in the heavens, and now the drones are here.
This is just the beginning.
Then we're going to start to see 'alien' stuff, and a great deception is coming.
A lot of people are going to take the bait, but smart people will reject it.
Don't be a dumb fish or a sheep.
We'll see asteroids and comets that are really going to freak people out.
If you go back to Oral Roberts's visitation, the 'Great Wake-Up Call' from 2004—talking twenty-one years later—I believe it's about to take place.
People say, 'Was that COVID?
' No, it's a sign in the heavens.
It was something loud and deafening.
The Lord told me we're going to start seeing things.
We're going to see volcanoes.
I warned you about the one in Italy.
I saw a 'canary in the coal mine' situation with gases from there.
I saw canaries falling and dying, and the Lord warned me there would be poisonous gases coming from the earth, wiping out hundreds of thousands of people.
I saw 300,000 plus people perishing when this gas comes out of the ground.
I saw a tsunami wave wiping out the coast of Italy because of the earthquake when this volcano goes off.
That hasn't happened yet; it has been delayed, but I believe the Lord told me this was one of the major things coming.
I even told you the area it was going to happen in.
I told you about the asteroid I saw falling from the sky that was massive—it hit by San Juan, Puerto Rico, and flooded all of Miami with a massive tsunami.
Is that during the Tribulation?
I don't know.
The Lord didn't say; he just told me it was coming.
Sometimes I see things years in advance, just like Kim Clement, whom everybody loves.
He was a great man and very sharp.
When Kim Clement and John Paul Jackson went home, the Lord said, 'Generals go home, son.
' In war times, they go home, but he raises up another general to take the baton and warn his people.
God's bringing up new leaders for this time, and I'm trying to warn you that Jesus is coming.
You're seeing it on the news every day.
Now we see Damascus and Israel.
For all you 'news hounds' sending me articles—thank you for helping.
Diana skins over them and tells me what's happening.
We see Israel saying they're going to strike nuclear facilities.
I warned you they were going to strike the gas refineries and oil would go over $200 a barrel.
This was part of the plan.
It's not a pat on my back; I'm just doing my job as best I can to warn and yell as loud as I can that Jesus is coming.
I tried to warn you yesterday to pray for Donald Trump and his kids because these people want to treat him like JFK.
I try to be discreet, but sometimes you just have to be bold.
This is serious.
Pray for his children because as he touches this stuff, there is retaliation; every action brings another reaction.
These people are dark, and they don't like it when you touch their agenda.
The last administration was buddies with them.
The head of it is the Devil, the puppet master controlling all these politicians, banking industries, and multi-billionaires like the Soroses and all of them.
It's all about money, power, and influence.
But God brings peace and joy.
Financial gain comes when you are able to handle it so it won't destroy you.
Get character so you can be an end-time harvester for the gospel.
People like those who own Hobby Lobby or the man at Chick-fil-A before he passed away—I knew for a fact he sowed to a ministry I used to work for.
He used to give fat checks and help them get TV time; he was a sower.
And I know for a fact the Green family sowed because they bought my friend a church.
Be like a warhorse that's not swayed by noises but moves only by the steady hand of the rider.
I am filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
I get corrected all the time because he's molding me.
Sometimes he'll give me a certain instruction, and I'll say, 'Lord, I've been doing it this way for years,' but he says, 'As of today, don't do that.
' If you do it anyway, that's disobedience.
It's following the Commander-in-Chief.
Even if it doesn't make sense, it's blind obedience.
I'm not moved by circumstances.
We're going to pray today.
I'm interceding for Brandon and Sherry, who have had miscarriages.
We stand with you today that those stop now.
You'll have a baby in 2025; it will be a supernatural experience.
This will be a year of the babies and supernatural fruit in your life.
Father, we lift up President Trump.
The demonic assignment sent to destroy his family, I speak to this in the name of Jesus and say, 'Satan, you will not take out his family.
' You will not touch his marriage, his sons, his daughters, or his grandkids.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our leadership, over our president-to-be, and over his wife.
We call forth a renewing of the love they had for each other.
I thank you, Father, that your angels are bearing them up in their hands lest they dash their foot against a stone.
We believe there are secret service angels watching over them.
I thank you, Lord, for supernatural wisdom on him like a Solomon.
Now, Diana will pray for the babies.
We have an email about Brandon and Sherry, who haven't been able to have a baby in 20 years.
Father, right now we lift up this couple.
Bless the fruit of their womb and their reproductive systems.
We speak to the ovaries and the fallopian tubes right now; you will produce.
We call for restoration.
Your word says to be fruitful and multiply, and it's their heart's desire to have a child.
I thank you, Father, that they will conceive and have a healthy baby.
No more miscarriages in Jesus' name.
Her vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
We thank you that the embryo implants as it's supposed to.
Womb, you accept that baby and carry it full term.
Satan, no more.
Release her and let her go right now.
I'm believing God that she won't even have morning sickness or postpartum depression.
We're standing for every single person.
As you take your eyes off your need and pray for somebody else's, it brings forth your harvest.
If the doctors said something doesn't work, you say, 'Ovaries, you line up.
' If you need a new fallopian tube—the Father has body parts in his silos—nothing's too big.
Speak to the sperm and the egg.
No lazy sperm; be fast-forward thrusting and do your job.
Your body ovulates like it's supposed to.
He was wounded for our transgressions, and with his stripes, we are healed.
He took the curse for us, so body, you line up with what the Word of God says.
You speak to your mountain and say, 'I'm not dealing with ovulation problems.
My womb is fertile.
' 2025 will be the year of the baby.
As for me and my house, we're going to have a good year.
We're taking the land back.
It's done.
We have a relationship with the Lord.
It's personal.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you.
2025 is time to walk in victory—it's a victor mentality.
We're more than conquerors.
I speak even to the small things.
Don't say, 'I'm so forgetful.
' No, you have the mind of Christ.
Don't say, 'That scared me to death.
' You scare yourself by what you say out of your mouth.
Put a tab in your Bible on the things you're believing for.
The word will work if you work it.
He made faith simple.
My daughter Paisley raised a dog from the dead after it was squashed in the trash can.
It took the faith of a child—she was only about six years old.
A little mustard seed of faith will move a mountain.
Father, we agree for healings and that people are made whole.
You're delivered from sickness and disease.
We believe for your finances and for better jobs.
2025 will be a time that you thrive.
It's time to 'thrive in '25.
' It should be the greatest year you've ever lived.
We serve a big God.
He doesn't have to check a heavenly piggy bank to see if there's enough money.
We call Elon Musk saved in Jesus' name.
We pray for the war not to happen, though you showed me wars and rumors of wars that would lead into Ezekiel 38 and 39.
Watch out for Taiwan.
I've seen China attack and circle that island, but I believe for the believers there.
We call forth a move of God in China, South Korea, Japan, the Philippines, and Vietnam.
Take the blinders off regarding Buddha and false religions.
When I was in heaven, the Lord showed me gold veins throughout Asia—that's his underground church.
Communism will not be able to contain it.
South Korea will go through refining, but there will be a great revival that spreads into North Korea.
The Lord will deal with Kim Jong Un just like he did with Pharaoh.
My Asian people have not been forgotten.
He's seen your tears.
David's are rising up and breaking those chains.
The glory is coming to shake the world.
San Juan, Puerto Rico and Cuba are coming to Jesus.
Haiti will see the voodoo pushed back.
Angel armies are coming.
They will know the salvation in the Gospel of John, that God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son.
2025 will be a four-year window of reprieve.
What are you going to do with that window?
I saw revival taking place in Collinsville and Fort Worth, all along the I-35 corridor.
I saw people in fields in tents, like a 'Holy Ghost Woodstock' with manifestations and healings.
Even the unlikelys will get born again.
Harvesters, get your hearts ready.
We should be busting the doors down to get into church.
Don't be stoic; come out charged.
We need to create an atmosphere for the Holy Spirit in our houses through worship.
I'm thankful for being born for such a time as this.
You are an inferno, not just a little light.
You can't be a part-time Christian fighting a full-time devil.
We're believing for 100,000 people to pray every day.
I know people are desperate, but don't give up on yourself.
Joy comes in the morning.
The storm won't last.
You're on the one-yard line, fixing to make a touchdown.
Push harder.
Sing 'Because He Lives' to face tomorrow.
Life is worth living just because he lives.
We love you and pray for you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
God bless you all.
We'll be here tomorrow for day 56.
Bye-bye.